Ethernaut friendly, "we assume you're ignorant", getting started (#88)
ethereum-optimism/optimism-tutorial: first-contract/README.md

1. Make sure you have either Chrome, Firefox, Brave, or Edge. 

1. Browse to [MetaMask](https://metamask.io/), scroll down and choose to install MetaMask for your browser.

1. Click **Get Started**.

1. Click **Create a wallet** and then **I agree**.

1. Type a password, accept the terms, and click **Create**.

1. Click **Next**, reveal the secret words, and write them down somewhere safe. 
   We plan to only use this wallet for testing, so the key phrase should not matter that much, but it's best to develop good habits from the beginning.

1. Let MetaMask help you confirm you have the correct written key phrase.

1. Copy your address, you'll need it soon.

### Blockchain

In this tutorial we'll use [Optimism](https://www.optimism.io/), a rollup network, to run our contracts.
To avoid spending real money, we'll use Optimistic Kovan, a test network built on top of Kovan.

1. [Go here](https://chainid.link/?network=optimism-kovan) to add Optimistic Kovan to your wallet. 
Click **Connect** on the web page and then **Approve** in MetaMask.

1. Permit the network switch.

> 1. Go to [this faucet](https://faucet.paradigm.xyz/) to get ETH on the Optimistic Kovan network.

Reviewer: Can we focus on the why a bit here? Why do you need test ETH? Well ETH is used to pay the gas fee. With links to the Solidity docs about what a gas fee is.

1. Paste your address, select **Drip on additional network**, and click **Claim**.

1. [Go to Etherscan](https://kovan-optimistic.etherscan.io/), search for your address, and see that you now have 1 ETH.

## Interacting with a Solidity contract

The most common smart contract development language is called [Solidity](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/v0.8.11/).

> Here we will use using an integrated development environment (IDE) called [Remix](https://remix.ethereum.org/).

Reviewer: Why? We will use Remix for this tutorial as it requires the least set up (it runs in your browser)

## Setup 

### Wallet

Before you can use Ethereum you need [wallet software](https://cointelegraph.com/news/overview-of-software-wallets-the-easy-way-to-store-crypto).
In this tutorial we use [MetaMask](https://metamask.io/), a browser extension, as our wallet.
You can also use MetaMask in a mobile device (iOS or Android), but for software development it is best to use a notebook or desktop computer.

1. Make sure you have either Chrome, Firefox, Brave, or Edge. 

1. Browse to [MetaMask](https://metamask.io/), scroll down and choose to install MetaMask for your browser.

1. Click **Get Started**.

1. Click **Create a wallet** and then **I agree**.

1. Type a password, accept the terms, and click **Create**.

1. Click **Next**, reveal the secret words, and write them down somewhere safe. 
   We plan to only use this wallet for testing, so the key phrase should not matter that much, but it's best to develop good habits from the beginning.

1. Let MetaMask help you confirm you have the correct written key phrase.

1. Copy your address, you'll need it soon.

### Blockchain

> In this tutorial we'll use [Optimism](https://www.optimism.io/), a rollup network, to run our contracts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this tutorial we'll use [Optimism](https://www.optimism.io/), an Ethereum Layer 2 blockchain, to run our contracts.
```

[Deploying contracts and interacting with them costs gas, which has to be purchased with Ether (also known as ETH)](https://ethereum.org/en/developers/docs/gas/). 
On the production network that Ether costs money, it is part of the security mechanism of Ethereum.
To avoid spending real money, we'll use Optimistic Kovan, a test network built on top of Kovan.
The test network also requires ETH, but it is test ETH you can get for free.

1. [Go here](https://chainid.link/?network=optimism-kovan) to add Optimistic Kovan to your wallet. 
Click **Connect** on the web page and then **Approve** in MetaMask.

1. Permit the network switch.

1. Go to [this faucet](https://faucet.paradigm.xyz/) to get ETH on the Optimistic Kovan network.

> 1. Paste your address, select **Drip on additional network**, and click **Claim**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Paste your address, select **Drip on additional networks**, and click **Claim**.
```
